User Workload Monitoring: fix docs (#34941)
openshift/release: clusters/app.ci/openshift-user-workload-monitoring/README.md

This folder contains the manifests for user-workload-monitoring (UWM) based on [monitoring user-defined project on OSD cluster](https://docs.openshift.com/dedicated/osd_cluster_admin/osd_monitoring/osd-understanding-the-monitoring-stack.html) and managed by cluster-monitoring-operator (CMO).

> The ServiceMonitors and the PodMonitors defines the scraping targets for Prometheus. The cluster console has the [UI](https://docs.openshift.com/dedicated/osd_cluster_admin/osd_monitoring/osd-managing-metrics.html#querying-metrics-for-all-projects-as-an-administrator_osd-managing-metrics) to run queries against the metrics from those targets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ServiceMonitors and the PodMonitors defines the scraping targets for Prometheus. The cluster console has the [UI](https://console-openshift-console.apps.ci.l2s4.p1.openshiftapps.com/monitoring/query-browser) to run queries against the metrics from those targets.
```
